# CS-255 8-2 Journal: Portfolio Submission

1. Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The customer was a group called DriverPass, seeking to build a resource to help individuals complete their driving tests on the first try. In addition, they desired to create a system with levels of users that could access various kinds of things. The users also would be able to go online and schedule in-person driving tests and lessons with licensed instructors. This program was meant to address all of this and give the admins special procedures like turning off things they no longer want to show.

2. What did you do particularly well? 
I clarified the conditions in using topics quite nicely in this assignment. I took the interview notes, revolved them into valuable topics, summarized the period, and showed relationships. I also mapped out who would keep access to what operates, and it came out nicely.

3. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would switch my technical requirements. Then, I would do more research on what is needed. For example, I didn't fully describe the software hardware and other technical requirements. I would go into what is required to make the program run smoothly. 

4. How did you interpret the user's needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user's needs when designing?
I began by reading the interview notes and the documents all the way through. I noted everything they expressed that I could diagnose as a product or a function. When I prepared an entire list, I thought about how those would be done via software or if they were external requirements. If the need were external, I would set it aside and focus on the ones I saw as a specific product for the program. When I discovered notional conditions like "security," I would research to find the best answer. Then, I would need to put those answers into the design. I split them into fundamental tasks. Then, to add complexness, I added the include and comprehensive relationships back in. It is essential to include the user's needs when designing because you want to build what was asked of you. In this task, one instance would be the downloadable content obtainable to only specific users. If I didn't contain a login or a tiered user system, it would just be content open for anyone to obtain, eliminating their basis for suggesting "premium" content. When designing, keeping the user's needs in mind will conserve a ton of re-work later and keep your clients happy.

5. How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
While creating software, I gather all the needs first while noting what I believe are essential to the project. Then, I try to separate the things in the design and how they go with one another. Occasionally I use UML Class Diagrams for it, but other times I write them down quickly and move on to a process diagram before going back to the class diagram. Then, once I eventually have a process diagram and a class diagram, I start to program the software. Making the charts helps me think of things I might have missed if I had just started programming it. Periodically in school, you don't have a lot of time. For those times, far too frequently, I start programming first. From now on in the future, I will likely use the activity diagram to draft how functions are supposed to work. I believe that they are a significant benefit to ensuring your process acts as expected.
